This example uses the module-level life cycle file lifeCycle.js, which needs to be created by yourself.

First, the function createFloder will be executed, and the structure of `c://innerServiceTutorial/movie` will be created. If you want to share the code, you can add attributes to external

# read list

In order to support that users can directly put the video on the computer into `c://innerServiceTutorial/movie`, the `dealCommand` hook is used, and the action of `getVideolist` is specially processed, and then getVideolist.js is called

# upload

The file uploaded by the user will be placed in `c://innerServiceTutorial/movie`, so how does the program differentiate from the default upload behavior? This uses the `getUploadPath` hook, and upload.js only needs to record the data to the video. json is fine, note that the uploaded file will not have a suffix.

# play

The link played by the video element is similar to `http://127.0.0.1:8091/api/video/upload_52a2d65e524ce0b429cbc1443c95cc5f.mp4`, the server needs to process this connection, then the `dealCommand` hook is used,
To be precise, it is not necessary to download and play the video completely. This function is built-in, but it needs to return the full path of the resource.

# download and delete

In order to distinguish it from the normal delete behavior, the return result of the delete.js execution will be passed to the `result` parameter of the `getDeleteFilePath` hook, just return the complete path

It is true that the above hooks are only available because of sf-mobile-web. At that time, the code of the embedded server was copied and pasted the version applied on sf-notes. Because it was not stable enough, one change had to be changed in two places. Then it became the sf-inner-service project independently.